I have become so full of my knowledge that I seem to have already
one hundred trillion billion years living on trillions and
trillions of planets like this Earth, this world is absolutely
understandable, and here I am looking for only one thing - peace, tranquility and
this harmony, from merging with the infinitely eternal, from contemplation
great fractal similarity and from this wonderful unity
being, infinitely eternal, wherever you look, even in depth - infinitely
small, even upwards - infinitely large, you understand? And you to me again
with this, go ahead, fuss, this is your distribution, this
your path and your horizon of knowing and feeling your nature, he
disproportionately small compared to mine, you know? I seem to already
for a long time a deep old man, immortal, well, or there already almost immortal,
which has been on this planet from its very inception, even when only the Sun
just formed like a star, and here is this gas and dust cloud,
here, after the explosion, the Sun, when it flared up like a star, the beginning
to form these coacervates, planets, you understand, I am already on this Earth
as if I have been living for almost five billion years and know it inside and out
this whole world, and you give me some ... I don't care about your cars, your
yachts, to your apartments, there, for your benefit. I was on this
an infinite number of planets, and cooler than Caesar, and cooler than Hitler, and cooler
all the greats, you know, was, but somewhere was a complete shit, even worse,
than here. I feel many of these conditions. Somewhere I was more
like a plant, somewhere I was more like a bird, there, a worm, somewhere
was just a clot of stone, it's all a soul, you know? She has edges
similarities are completely diverse, an infinite set. But this is for you
do not understand, so you go yourself, we kind of live in this world
different sensations and different aspirations, respectively, our different and
place, miscellaneous and our distribution. I wish you all the coolest cars
so that you have, and all the best females, if there are not enough ideas, contact me, I will offer you a hundred trillion for each of your ideas, how to do everything. Well, that's all, I'm walking like a deep old man, having seen the eternal, having touched the Divine, he himself became god-like and aspired to this infinite, and who abides in peace, peace, harmony, grace, in this innermost bliss, involved in everything and everything You see, that's all, that's our difference. So I go to admire the universe, and you go to be filled with some FACETS, that's the whole difference, you understand, you don't see this eternal infinite, you don't need it. Well, on the other hand, you are, so to speak, more active, like this woodpecker, or an ant, which is very active in its path, so come on, our paths here, of course, have verges of similarity, because everything is one, but I'm fine with you I understand, but you hardly understand me, because I, as it were, contain you in myself, all your nature, it makes up one small grain of sand there, from what is in me, that's all, so come on, go, go, and I went to enjoy a beautiful autumn sunset on the banks of the warm southern river. All right, go, and I'll go.